So in this lecture I'm going to do some changes in the service and let's see what will happen.
So let me click on my cluster and here we have this service and let me click on update.
So here I'm going to change the platform version from 1.4. 0 to 1 .3.0.
And these are the details for the task which is going to manage my this service and 2 task.
Next, next, next.
And finally, update service.
If I'll click on that, will it create the new task for this service or will it do the changes on the existing
task?
So let's see.
So in this service already having 2 tasks, let me refresh it.
Now you can see that 2 more tasks has been started for this service.
Earlier there were only 2 tasks.
We have done some changes in the service.
We have just changed the platform version.
So once you update the service, it is not going to touch your existing task.
Your existing task will be running as it is.
It will create a new task for you.
Suppose you are satisfied with the new task and you feel that now.
This is my new version of the task, which is running fine.
I do not need my previous task.
Then you can click on those tasks and remove it.
So here you can see we have lot of advantages with the container running using the AWS ECS.
So that's all we'll see you in the next lecture.